Follow the following sequence of steps with github and you will
have shady knowledge about how to do really simple github stuff
(i.e. you will have the same level of knowledge as Evan about github)

Please add to this list (append to the file instead of editing pls) if
you know or find out ways to use github that are actually legit so we can
all learn!! There's something about pull requests and commits and
different branches that's apparently useful, I just don't know what any of
that is. Okay now for the steps:

How to set up your local repository clone:
git clone https://github.com/evanlohn/winterbreak-2016.git


How to "save your edits" to files in github
(NEVER EVER EVER DO THIS PROCESS IF YOUR CODE DOESNT WORK I.E. IT BREAKS
THE APP. ALWAYS TEST FIRST AN MAKE SURE THE APP IS OKAY AND YOUR CODE DOES WHAT YOU WANT IT TO DO.

git add <filename> (do this for each file you want changes saved for;
github might require that you do this for all things you've modified lol)

git pull  (this updates your code with the updates that other people have
pushed. doing this often is a good idea, especially right before you begin
working on a new section of code. Similar to the next stage, git might
complain and say that two people edited the same file. It'll put some weird
lines in to show you what happened. If you can resolve the merging problem
yourself, just edit the weird lines so the code works like its supposed to,
test that it works, and proceed to the next step.

btw if you want to have the changes you've made overwritten by other people
you should do
git checkout . (the period is important)
in the folder with the files you want "overwritten" and THEN do a git pull)

git commit -m <descriptive message IN QUOTES explaining what changes
 you made>
(at the commit step, github might detect that someone else changed code
 in the same place you did. Oops. In this case it puts these really weird
lines in the files in the places where there are conflicts, and it's up to you to git commit again :(
git pull (cuz heck why not)
git push (pray it works. if not, pull again and try ur best. NEVER PUSH
BROKEN CODE ALWAYS TEST BEFORE PUSHING)

Now your work has been saved! awesome! use git pull a lot, not just when
 you yourself are committing edits, because it gets other people's work
from the server so you can see their beautiful edits :')

Victoria plz add to this file lol

test
